a combination of this lighting in my
shirt makes me feel really bad about
myself okay so as you can see by the
title I'm doing a review over the sex
bomb new palette of mix this is going to
be a first impression because I really
wanted to show you guys I'm doing a
Valentine's Day look with this makeup
but I really kind of wanted to just do
it for you guys I'd seriously waited for
this packaging forever like I ordered
this like the 20th or something in
January and what it's like J it's
February what eight anyways point is
it's uShip forever because the weather
here is just absolutely ridiculous like
there's piles of snow and so this thing
kept getting delayed and the guy
actually today walked down here like
from my driveway like cuz you can't get
down my driveway he walked all the way
down here so bless his heart but yeah so
I'm gonna try to open this
okay
it was my take actually a little bit
about okay so okay so oh my gosh I'm
gonna kill myself gosh I felt that
splitter before
okay got it
green kind of fun
oh let's wrap up
oh this is adorable okay okay this
palette is super small and it knows it
look at the packaging oh my gosh
seriously this is so cute I just thought
I was gonna be a little palette cute
black lace the couch thing I could use
that for Jory's when I travel oneself
it's really cute and it's kind of sexy
for Valentine's Day and for the name of
the makeup oh this is cool I got um a
beauty tip you need the best tools to
build the perfect house and you need the
best tools for the perfect makeup
application get this pup and have the
best makeup tool all I got like a pretty
little pup thing that's cool that's nice
of them and then you know that came with
it okay now for the good good okay good
I'm gonna open this thing up I'm sorry
this video is probably super annoying
because like I think the style at all
it's my first impressions this is my
very first first impressions
okay that helps yelling helps some here
is the sex bomb little palette I kind of
thought this would be bigger they made
it seem like it was a lot bigger and the
shadows are a lot bigger so here is the
colors it comes with six colors and I
really think this is great color to
Valentine's Day you have this really
pretty red and I've been wanting to get
my hands on red forever and then you
have this shimmery black color which I'm
a little disappointed in because it's
not really dark they said it was a black
shimmer color but this actually looks
gray as you can see that looks gray and
it's kind of disappointing then you have
this champagne II shimmery color
more of your neutrals and then this kind
of a highlight color and this looks like
this is a like a taupe cognos like a
taupe ish gray color and then your matte
black so I'm gonna swatch this on my
hand for you you would definitely have
to build this red up these shimmery
black color it's very sheer for a black
color so that definitely has to be
filled up the next color that was this
shimmery kind of reddish gray color next
to the shimmery black there's like no
pigmentation at all it's just pretty
much a shimmer color highlight color you
can't even see it on there I mean it's
it's pretty much done even there so I'm
gonna show you the gray taupey color is
next with the black here I don't know if
you can
that but as you can see you can see a
black so the black turned out pretty
well I'm sorry for the noise and
background that it's my dog but this is
really great for Valentine's Day I think
and definitely you just really have to
keep building up the color I don't think
I mean there are kind of sheer but you
definitely can build this up and really
work with this and it would be really
awesome like look I think or you could
set it with a setting spray to make sure
pigmentation really bright I feel like
I'm swimming
um but yeah that is my overall
impression of this product I overall
like it have to be a great product and a
great look and I will do a look for this
for Valentine's Day so I really hope
this helped you guys stay tuned for my
lot of times David
I love if you supported me by
subscribing and liking this video so
thanks for watching guys yeah